                             Audio ToolBox SDK 
                    Development Kit & Programming Samples


Contents:

    The TBXSDK.ZIP file contains VISI's Audio ToolBox Software 
    Development Kit (SDK) which lets you convert audio file formats 
    from within your MS Windows and MS DOS applications. 

    The ToolBox SDK contains sample programs that use the PCM
    conversion libraries and DLLs. These programs were created using 
    Visual Basic and Microsoft C version 8.0, and demonstrate usage 
    under both Windows and DOS. The sample program performs a simple
    .Wav to .Vox conversion.

    The MSCCvt directory contains a sample MS Windows and DOS program
    "CvtTst.c". To build both the Windows and DOS versions, run the 
    batch file "MakeMe.bat". The associated makefile assumes that 
    Microsoft C 8.0 tools are installed and accessible.

    The CvtLib directory contains the "C" header and library files for
    various PCM formats. The libraries are named PPPMMM.Lib to 
    designate the formats. PPP = DLG for Dialogic, G21 for CCITT G.721,
    NWV for NewVoice, and PTC for Perception Technology. MMM = MLE for
    Microsoft Large memory model with floating point emulator, and MWE
    for Microsoft Windows model with floating point emulator.

    The MVBCvt directory contains a sample MS Windows Visual Basic 
    project, "CvtTst.Mak". 

    The WINDLL directory contains the DLLs necessary for the MS Windows 
    executable versions.


To Unpack:
    
    1)  Unzip the file TBXSDK.ZIP to extract each floppy image:
        PKUNZIP TBXSDK.ZIP
        [Note: If you are reading this file from your hard drive, you have
        already completed this step.] 
    2)  Unzip the disk images to floppy using the create directory option: 
        PKUNZIP -d SDK001.ZIP a:
        PKUNZIP -d SDK002.ZIP a:
    3)  Run the Install program, and answer some simple installation
        questions.


Other VISI Products:

    Don't forget to ask about our other exciting products:
    
    VFEdit ("vee-ef-edit"), The Professional Prompt Editor,
        is a Microsoft Windows graphical editor that lets
        you edit sound the way a word processor lets you
        edit text.
    
    TI/F DLL (tif-dee-el-el), The Microsoft Windows Voice
        Mail Driver, lets you add Voice Mail power to your
        Microsoft Windows applications.

    VoxFonts, the "Software Only" Text-to-Speech adds an
        unlimited vocabulary to your Interactive Voice
        Response applications.
    
    Scribe, The DOS Speech to Text Transcription Utility,
        lets you hear digital audio files without the need
        for additional hardware. It's like turning your PC
        into a transcription machine.
